add link to introduction in code_signing.html (#3368)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/general_topics/code_signing.adoc

the past, invalid updates were a significant source of errors when
updating ownCloud.

> All the possible errors and their explanations can be seen xref:configuration/general_topics/code_signing.adoc#errors[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the possible errors and their explanations can be found xref:errors[here]
```
You can use the short form in xrefs when using in-page references
